so the four-bedroom this is the
four-bedroom so I'm going to show you
so four people would live in this
apartment everybody would have their own
bedroom come okay there's two bathrooms
those two people for bathroom and
everybody shows the living room in the
kitchen
nice it doesn't want decorate it but it
does come with the furniture but every
one of them yeah you control your key
air-conditioning in the bedroom as well
as in the girl
nice table ready
so how would the um the two-bedroom
apartment be the two-bedroom apartment
is basically the same setup as this one
but instead of having four bedrooms
there will be two bedroom two on each
side and to be sharing each bedroom so
the veterans are bigger nice okay so I'd
have one room on that on the side on the
other bed at the same space in between
get up okay nice
can you have like someone um like design
it like this if you want okay well this
was done by IKEA and there's sheets on
everything every one that shows you if
you want to purchase the items in that
okay okay so that you have to show your
right fence if you want to get a nice
and to bed with two bathrooms for like
in a true room right okay in each group
is in each room so two people for
bathroom yes oh okay nice it's pretty
nice I love it I love it so much
it's so pretty
okay so thank you mm-hmm okay